# hellomcp

## Running hellomcp

Running hellomcp requires running xrhome, the WebSocket server, and the MCP Inspector.

### xrhome
Read the xrhome README for instructions on how to run xrhome.

Open a studio project like [thing-fling-mcp](https://console.local.8thwall.com:3001/8w/thing-fling-mcp/studio?space=7b156b24-5833-43e9-a2cc-9c642aff06e0&studioAgentOpen=1).
Be sure to reveal the prompt interface with either `?studioAgentOpen=1` or by clicking the floating
circle button in the top left toolbar.

### WebSocket Server
1. cd to `reality/cloud/studiohub`
2. Set your node version to 18 using nvm or fnm
3. `npm install`
4. `npm run mcp:serve`

### MCP Inspector
1. cd to  `apps/client/exploratory/hellomcp`
2. Set your node version to 22 using nvm or fnm
3. `npm install`
4. `npm run start:mcp`, this should automatically open the MCP Inspector in your browser
5. Update the `Request Timeout` and `Maximum Total Timeout` to _very large_ numbers like `600000` (10 minutes)

## Sending prompts
If you followed the steps in the previous section, you now have a running MCP client through the
MCP Inspector. Clicking connect will start the hellomcp MCP server, which establishes a WebSocket
connection to xrhome through the WebSocket server you ran earlier from StudioHub.

Use the `studio_agent` tool to send prompts to the hellomcp agent. You should see the prompt interface
populate with the structured JSON output generated by our agent. This structured output is sent over
WebSocket to xrhome and passed as input into the appropriate Studio Use API.
